BUG: read_excel failing to check older xlrd versions properly (#39355)
pandas-dev/pandas: doc/source/whatsnew/v1.2.2.rst

Fixed regressions
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> - Fixed bug in :meth:``read_excel`` that caused it to fail when checking version of older xlrd versions(:issue:`38955`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed regression in :func:`read_excel` that caused it to raise ``AttributeError`` when checking version of older xlrd versions (:issue:`38955`)
```

Bug fixes
~~~~~~~~~

> - Fixed bug in :meth:``read_excel`` that caused it to fail when checking version of older xlrd versions(:issue:`38955`)

Reviewer: can you move to regression section above
